# Using a minimax searching algorithm, I am currently working on writing a program from scratch that can play chess against humans in python.
# Alpha beta probing is also used to cut down on runtime. Chess.PY is the most recent version of the program. 
#Currently, I am going through the code I've already written to improve efficiency and debug. I've been working on combining several methods so that all the pieces and their available moves are iterated through as few times as possible. Over the past 2 weeks or so, I have written the necessary code to cut iterations through all moves per turn from 6 times to 3 times. I also am planning to modify the AI advantage function so that rather than iterating through both white and black pieces to define an advantage every turn, white available moves are iterated through when turn%2==1 and black moves are iterated through when turn%2==0. This way, the current advantage will be subtracted from the previous advantage rather than redefining this parameter at 0 every turn. Furthermore, I am going to rewrite the code for my indexing system. The current indexing system stores available moves and pieces in a tuple such that indexes on board=(row, column). Since both these values vary from 0-7 on a chess board, this information can be stores as an integer, where indexes=row*10+col. Running a comparison on indexes in this new format would take under half the runtime and use less than half of the RAM compared to the original format. Furthermore, information can be quickly accessed by row=indexes/10 and col=indexes%10.
